id	taxonID	scientificNameID	scientificName	kingdom	phylum	class	order	family	genus	specificEpithet	taxonRank	scientificNameAuthorship	language	bibliographicCitation	datasetID	datasetName
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271396	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271396	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271396	Chimaera cubana	Animalia	Chordata	Holocephali	Chimaeriformes	Chimaeridae	Chimaera	cubana	Genus	Howell Rivero, 1936	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105846	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105846	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105846	Ginglymostoma cirratum	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Orectolobiformes	Ginglymostomatidae	Ginglymostoma	cirratum	Species	(Bonnaterre, 1788)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 | Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105839	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105839	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105839	Isurus oxyrinchus	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Lamniformes	Lamnidae	Isurus	oxyrinchus	Species	Rafinesque, 1810	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158516	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158516	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158516	Scyliorhinus retifer	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Scyliorhinidae	Scyliorhinus	retifer	Species	(Garman, 1881)	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:323163	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:323163	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:323163	Mustelus canis insularis	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Triakidae	Mustelus	canis	Species	Heemstra, 1997	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158508	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158508	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158508	Carcharhinus acronotus	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Carcharhinidae	Carcharhinus	acronotus	Species	(Poey, 1860)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 | Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105787	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105787	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105787	Carcharhinus altimus	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Carcharhinidae	Carcharhinus	altimus	Species	(Springer, 1950)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105789	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105789	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105789	Carcharhinus falciformis	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Carcharhinidae	Carcharhinus	falciformis	Species	(Müller & Henle, 1839)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105792	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105792	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105792	Carcharhinus leucas	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Carcharhinidae	Carcharhinus	leucas	Species	(Valenciennes, 1839)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105793	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105793	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105793	Carcharhinus limbatus	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Carcharhinidae	Carcharhinus	limbatus	Species	(Valenciennes, 1839)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105796	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105796	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105796	Carcharhinus obscurus	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Carcharhinidae	Carcharhinus	obscurus	Species	(Lesueur, 1818)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271324	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271324	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271324	Carcharhinus perezii	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Carcharhinidae	Carcharhinus	perezii	Species	(Poey, 1876)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 | Fundacion Colombia Azul et al. 2017	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105797	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105797	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105797	Carcharhinus plumbeus	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Carcharhinidae	Carcharhinus	plumbeus	Species	(Nardo, 1827)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105799	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105799	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105799	Galeocerdo cuvier	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Carcharhinidae	Galeocerdo	cuvier	Species	(Péron & Lesueur, 1822)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 | Fundacion Colombia Azul et al. 2017	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105800	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105800	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105800	Negaprion brevirostris	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Carcharhinidae	Negaprion	brevirostris	Species	(Poey, 1868)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 | Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105801	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105801	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105801	Prionace glauca	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Carcharhinidae	Prionace	glauca	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271328	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271328	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271328	Rhizoprionodon porosus	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Carcharhinidae	Rhizoprionodon	porosus	Species	(Poey, 1861)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158510	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158510	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158510	Rhizoprionodon terraenovae	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Carcharhinidae	Rhizoprionodon	terraenovae	Species	(Richardson, 1836)	en	Fundacion Colombia Azul et al. 2017	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105816	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105816	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105816	Sphyrna lewini	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Sphyrnidae	Sphyrna	lewini	Species	(Griffith & Smith, 1834)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105817	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105817	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105817	Sphyrna mokarran	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Carcharhiniformes	Sphyrnidae	Sphyrna	mokarran	Species	(Rüppell, 1837)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 | Fundacion Colombia Azul et al. 2017	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105832	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105832	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105832	Heptranchias perlo	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Hexanchiformes	Hexanchidae	Heptranchias	perlo	Species	(Bonnaterre, 1788)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105834	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105834	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:105834	Hexanchus nakamurai	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Hexanchiformes	Hexanchidae	Hexanchus	nakamurai	Species	Teng, 1962	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158524	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158524	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158524	Squalus cubensis	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Squaliformes	Squalidae	Squalus	cubensis	Species	Howell Rivero, 1936	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275386	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275386	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275386	Narcine bancroftii	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Torpediniformes	Narcinidae	Narcine	bancroftii	Species	(Griffith & Smith, 1834)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1043607	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1043607	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1043607	Pseudobatos percellens	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Rajiformes	Rhinobatidae	Pseudobatos	percellens	Species	(Walbaum, 1792)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275419	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275419	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275419	Fenestraja sinusmexicanus	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Rajiformes	Rajidae	Fenestraja	sinusmexicanus	Species	(Bigelow & Schroeder, 1950)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158552	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158552	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158552	Leucoraja garmani	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Rajiformes	Rajidae	Leucoraja	garmani	Species	(Whitley, 1939)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:283086	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:283086	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:283086	Urobatis jamaicensis	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Myliobatiformes	Urotrygonidae	Urobatis	jamaicensis	Species	(Cuvier, 1816)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1042856	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1042856	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1042856	Hypanus americanus	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Myliobatiformes	Dasyatidae	Hypanus	americanus	Species	(Hildebrand & Schroeder, 1928)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1042864	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1042864	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1042864	Hypanus sabinus	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Myliobatiformes	Dasyatidae	Hypanus	sabinus	Species	(Lesueur, 1824)	en	Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:217426	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:217426	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:217426	Aetobatus narinari	Animalia	Chordata	Elasmobranchii	Myliobatiformes	Myliobatidae	Aetobatus	narinari	Species	(Euphrasen, 1790)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126430	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126430	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126430	Megalops atlanticus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Elopiformes	Megalopidae	Megalops	atlanticus	Species	Valenciennes, 1847	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:212256	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:212256	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:212256	Albula vulpes	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Albuliformes	Albulidae	Albula	vulpes	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271742	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271742	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271742	Conger esculentus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Congridae	Conger	esculentus	Species	Poey, 1861	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126288	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126288	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126288	Heteroconger longissimus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Congridae	Heteroconger	longissimus	Species	Günther, 1870	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126290	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126290	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126290	Pseudophichthys splendens	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Congridae	Pseudophichthys	splendens	Species	(Lea, 1913)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158572	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158572	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158572	Rhynchoconger gracilior	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Congridae	Rhynchoconger	gracilior	Species	(Ginsburg, 1951)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158581	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158581	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158581	Anarchias similis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Muraenidae	Anarchias	similis	Species	(Lea, 1913)	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:278676	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:278676	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:278676	Echidna catenata	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Muraenidae	Echidna	catenata	Species	(Bloch, 1795)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271808	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271808	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271808	Enchelycore nigricans	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Muraenidae	Enchelycore	nigricans	Species	(Bonnaterre, 1788)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158582	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158582	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158582	Gymnothorax conspersus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Muraenidae	Gymnothorax	conspersus	Species	Poey, 1867	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158583	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158583	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158583	Gymnothorax funebris	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Muraenidae	Gymnothorax	funebris	Species	Ranzani, 1839	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126299	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126299	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126299	Gymnothorax maderensis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Muraenidae	Gymnothorax	maderensis	Species	(Johnson, 1862)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271852	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271852	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271852	Gymnothorax miliaris	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Muraenidae	Gymnothorax	miliaris	Species	(Kaup, 1856)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158584	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158584	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158584	Gymnothorax moringa	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Muraenidae	Gymnothorax	moringa	Species	(Cuvier, 1829)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126302	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126302	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126302	Gymnothorax vicinus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Muraenidae	Gymnothorax	vicinus	Species	(Castelnau, 1855)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277951	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277951	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277951	Uropterygius macularius	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Muraenidae	Uropterygius	macularius	Species	(Lesueur, 1825)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275444	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275444	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275444	Hoplunnis macrura	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Nettastomatidae	Hoplunnis	macrura	Species	Ginsburg, 1951	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158591	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158591	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158591	Hoplunnis tenuis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Nettastomatidae	Hoplunnis	tenuis	Species	Ginsburg, 1951	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158595	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158595	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158595	Ahlia egmontis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Ophichthidae	Ahlia	egmontis	Species	(Jordan, 1884)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275464	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275464	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275464	Callechelys bilinearis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Ophichthidae	Callechelys	bilinearis	Species	Kanazawa, 1952	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158637	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158637	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158637	Myrichthys breviceps	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Ophichthidae	Myrichthys	breviceps	Species	(Richardson, 1848)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275486	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275486	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275486	Myrichthys ocellatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Ophichthidae	Myrichthys	ocellatus	Species	(Lesueur, 1825)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158642	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158642	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158642	Myrophis platyrhynchus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Ophichthidae	Myrophis	platyrhynchus	Species	Breder, 1927	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126315	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126315	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126315	Ophichthus ophis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Ophichthidae	Ophichthus	ophis	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271983	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271983	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:271983	Ophichthus spinicauda	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Ophichthidae	Ophichthus	spinicauda	Species	(Norman, 1922)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158576	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158576	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158576	Kaupichthys hyoproroides	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Chlopsidae	Kaupichthys	hyoproroides	Species	(Strömman, 1896)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158578	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158578	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158578	Moringua edwardsi	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Anguilliformes	Moringuidae	Moringua	edwardsi	Species	(Jordan & Bollman, 1889)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:367197	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:367197	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:367197	Harengula humeralis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Clupeiformes	Clupeidae	Harengula	humeralis	Species	(Cuvier, 1829)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281198	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281198	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281198	Jenkinsia lamprotaenia	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Clupeiformes	Clupeidae	Jenkinsia	lamprotaenia	Species	(Gosse, 1851)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281199	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281199	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281199	Jenkinsia majua	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Clupeiformes	Clupeidae	Jenkinsia	majua	Species	Whitehead, 1963	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275522	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275522	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275522	Anchoa lamprotaenia	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Clupeiformes	Engraulidae	Anchoa	lamprotaenia	Species	Hildebrand, 1943	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158719	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158719	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158719	Glossanodon pygmaeus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Osmeriformes	Argentinidae	Glossanodon	pygmaeus	Species	Cohen, 1958	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158756	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158756	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158756	Saurida brasiliensis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Aulopiformes	Synodontidae	Saurida	brasiliensis	Species	Norman, 1935	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158757	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158757	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158757	Saurida caribbaea	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Aulopiformes	Synodontidae	Saurida	caribbaea	Species	Breder, 1927	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272117	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272117	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272117	Saurida normani	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Aulopiformes	Synodontidae	Saurida	normani	Species	Longley, 1935	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158759	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158759	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158759	Synodus intermedius	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Aulopiformes	Synodontidae	Synodus	intermedius	Species	(Spix & Agassiz, 1829)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126373	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126373	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126373	Synodus synodus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Aulopiformes	Synodontidae	Synodus	synodus	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126336	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126336	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126336	Chlorophthalmus agassizi	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Aulopiformes	Chlorophthalmidae	Chlorophthalmus	agassizi	Species	Bonaparte, 1840	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127425	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127425	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127425	Cyttopsis rosea	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Zeiformes	Parazenidae	Cyttopsis	rosea	Species	(Lowe, 1843)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:221454	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:221454	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:221454	Parazen pacificus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Zeiformes	Parazenidae	Parazen	pacificus	Species	Kamohara, 1935	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127421	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127421	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127421	Zenion hololepis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Zeiformes	Zeniontidae	Zenion	hololepis	Species	(Goode & Bean, 1896)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159432	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159432	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159432	Xenolepidichthys dalgleishi	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Zeiformes	Grammicolepididae	Xenolepidichthys	dalgleishi	Species	Gilchrist, 1922	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282877	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282877	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282877	Steindachneria argentea	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Gadiformes	Merlucciidae	Steindachneria	argentea	Species	Goode & Bean, 1896	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158748	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158748	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158748	Merluccius albidus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Gadiformes	Merlucciidae	Merluccius	albidus	Species	(Mitchill, 1818)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158923	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158923	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158923	Polymixia lowei	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Polymixiiformes	Polymixiidae	Polymixia	lowei	Species	Günther, 1859	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126395	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126395	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126395	Beryx splendens	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beryciformes	Berycidae	Beryx	splendens	Species	Lowe, 1834	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159415	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159415	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159415	Hoplostethus occidentalis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beryciformes	Trachichthyidae	Hoplostethus	occidentalis	Species	Woods, 1973	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159378	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159378	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159378	Holocentrus adscensionis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beryciformes	Holocentridae	Holocentrus	adscensionis	Species	(Osbeck, 1765)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276189	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276189	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276189	Holocentrus rufus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beryciformes	Holocentridae	Holocentrus	rufus	Species	(Walbaum, 1792)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159385	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159385	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159385	Myripristis jacobus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beryciformes	Holocentridae	Myripristis	jacobus	Species	Cuvier, 1829	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159399	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159399	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159399	Ostichthys trachypoma	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beryciformes	Holocentridae	Ostichthys	trachypoma	Species	(Günther, 1859)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276205	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276205	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276205	Neoniphon marianus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beryciformes	Holocentridae	Neoniphon	marianus	Species	(Cuvier, 1829)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272207	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272207	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272207	Sargocentron coruscum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beryciformes	Holocentridae	Sargocentron	coruscum	Species	(Poey, 1860)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159401	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159401	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159401	Sargocentron vexillarium	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beryciformes	Holocentridae	Sargocentron	vexillarium	Species	(Poey, 1860)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:834930	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:834930	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:834930	Lepophidium entomelan	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Ophidiiformes	Ophidiidae	Lepophidium	entomelan	Species	Robins, Robins & Brown, 2012	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275620	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275620	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275620	Lepophidium kallion	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Ophidiiformes	Ophidiidae	Lepophidium	kallion	Species	Robins, 1959	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275621	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275621	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275621	Lepophidium marmoratum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Ophidiiformes	Ophidiidae	Lepophidium	marmoratum	Species	(Goode & Bean, 1885)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275627	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275627	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275627	Lepophidium staurophor	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Ophidiiformes	Ophidiidae	Lepophidium	staurophor	Species	Robins, 1959	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276624	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276624	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276624	Neobythites marginatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Ophidiiformes	Ophidiidae	Neobythites	marginatus	Species	Goode & Bean, 1886	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:474914	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:474914	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:474914	Neobythites multiocellatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Ophidiiformes	Ophidiidae	Neobythites	multiocellatus	Species	Nielsen, Uiblein & Mincarone, 2009	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:320100	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:320100	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:320100	Paroncheilus affinis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Apogonidae	Paroncheilus	affinis	Species	(Poey, 1875)	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272982	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272982	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272982	Apogon binotatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Apogonidae	Apogon	binotatus	Species	(Poey, 1867)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273028	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273028	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273028	Apogon lachneri	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Apogonidae	Apogon	lachneri	Species	Böhlke, 1959	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159589	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159589	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159589	Apogon maculatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Apogonidae	Apogon	maculatus	Species	(Poey, 1860)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159590	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159590	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159590	Apogon pseudomaculatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Apogonidae	Apogon	pseudomaculatus	Species	Longley, 1932	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273078	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273078	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273078	Apogon quadrisquamatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Apogonidae	Apogon	quadrisquamatus	Species	Longley, 1934	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273108	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273108	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273108	Apogon townsendi	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Apogonidae	Apogon	townsendi	Species	(Breder, 1927)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279773	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279773	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279773	Astrapogon puncticulatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Apogonidae	Astrapogon	puncticulatus	Species	(Poey, 1867)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279774	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279774	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279774	Astrapogon stellatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Apogonidae	Astrapogon	stellatus	Species	(Cope, 1867)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282226	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282226	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282226	Phaeoptyx conklini	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Apogonidae	Phaeoptyx	conklini	Species	(Silvester, 1915)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277638	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277638	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277638	Bathygobius soporator	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Bathygobius	soporator	Species	(Valenciennes, 1837)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276425	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276425	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276425	Coryphopterus dicrus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Coryphopterus	dicrus	Species	Böhlke & Robins, 1960	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276426	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276426	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276426	Coryphopterus eidolon	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Coryphopterus	eidolon	Species	Böhlke & Robins, 1960	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276431	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276431	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276431	Coryphopterus lipernes	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Coryphopterus	lipernes	Species	Böhlke & Robins, 1962	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276432	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276432	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276432	Coryphopterus personatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Coryphopterus	personatus	Species	(Jordan & Thompson, 1905)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:309494	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:309494	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:309494	Coryphopterus tortugae	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Coryphopterus	tortugae	Species	(Jordan, 1904)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1043472	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1043472	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1043472	Cryptopsilotris batrachodes	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Cryptopsilotris	batrachodes	Species	(Böhlke, 1963)	en	Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280601	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280601	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280601	Elacatinus evelynae	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Elacatinus	evelynae	Species	(Böhlke & Robins, 1968)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280605	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280605	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280605	Elacatinus horsti	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Elacatinus	horsti	Species	(Metzelaar, 1922)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280606	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280606	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280606	Elacatinus illecebrosus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Elacatinus	illecebrosus	Species	(Böhlke & Robins, 1968)	en		NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280611	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280611	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280611	Elacatinus lori	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Elacatinus	lori	Species	Colin, 2002	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280612	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280612	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280612	Elacatinus louisae	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Elacatinus	louisae	Species	(Böhlke & Robins, 1968)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280619	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280619	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280619	Elacatinus prochilos	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Elacatinus	prochilos	Species	(Böhlke & Robins, 1968)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:475012	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:475012	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:475012	Elacatinus serranilla	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Elacatinus	serranilla	Species	Randall & Lobel, 2009	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277493	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277493	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277493	Gnatholepis thompsoni	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Gnatholepis	thompsoni	Species	Jordan, 1904	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281732	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281732	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281732	Nes longus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Nes	longus	Species	(Nichols, 1914)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282620	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282620	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282620	Risor ruber	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Risor	ruber	Species	(Rosén, 1911)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1013581	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1013581	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1013581	Tigrigobius dilepis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Tigrigobius	dilepis	Species	(Robins & Böhlke, 1964)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:283135	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:283135	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:283135	Varicus bucca	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gobiidae	Varicus	bucca	Species	Robins & Böhlke, 1961	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:278080	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:278080	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:278080	Aulostomus maculatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Syngnathiformes	Aulostomidae	Aulostomus	maculatus	Species	Valenciennes, 1841	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159440	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159440	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159440	Fistularia tabacaria	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Syngnathiformes	Fistulariidae	Fistularia	tabacaria	Species	Linnaeus, 1758	en	Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159444	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159444	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159444	Bryx dunckeri	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Syngnathiformes	Syngnathidae	Bryx	dunckeri	Species	(Metzelaar, 1919)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:400978	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:400978	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:400978	Microphis lineatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Syngnathiformes	Syngnathidae	Microphis	lineatus	Species	(Kaup, 1856)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:367332	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:367332	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:367332	Syngnathus pelagicus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Syngnathiformes	Syngnathidae	Syngnathus	pelagicus	Species	Linnaeus, 1758	en		NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127232	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127232	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127232	Dactylopterus volitans	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Scorpaeniformes	Dactylopteridae	Dactylopterus	volitans	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159626	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159626	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159626	Callionymus bairdi	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Callionymidae	Callionymus	bairdi	Species	Jordan, 1888	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159623	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159623	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159623	Foetorepus agassizi	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Callionymidae	Foetorepus	agassizi	Species	(Goode & Bean, 1888)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277991	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277991	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277991	Mulloidichthys martinicus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Mullidae	Mulloidichthys	martinicus	Species	(Cuvier, 1829)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159421	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159421	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159421	Pseudupeneus maculatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Mullidae	Pseudupeneus	maculatus	Species	(Bloch, 1793)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126862	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126862	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126862	Gempylus serpens	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gempylidae	Gempylus	serpens	Species	Cuvier, 1829	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126864	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126864	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126864	Nealotus tripes	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gempylidae	Nealotus	tripes	Species	Johnson, 1865	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126866	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126866	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126866	Promethichthys prometheus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gempylidae	Promethichthys	prometheus	Species	(Cuvier, 1832)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126991	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126991	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126991	Nomeus gronovii	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Nomeidae	Nomeus	gronovii	Species	(Gmelin, 1789)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127014	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127014	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127014	Acanthocybium solandri	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scombridae	Acanthocybium	solandri	Species	(Cuvier, 1832)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127017	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127017	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127017	Euthynnus alletteratus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scombridae	Euthynnus	alletteratus	Species	(Rafinesque, 1810)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127018	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127018	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127018	Katsuwonus pelamis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scombridae	Katsuwonus	pelamis	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159340	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159340	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159340	Scomberomorus cavalla	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scombridae	Scomberomorus	cavalla	Species	(Cuvier, 1829)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273819	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273819	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273819	Scomberomorus regalis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scombridae	Scomberomorus	regalis	Species	(Bloch, 1793)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159343	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159343	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159343	Thunnus atlanticus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scombridae	Thunnus	atlanticus	Species	(Lesson, 1831)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127028	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127028	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127028	Thunnus obesus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scombridae	Thunnus	obesus	Species	(Lowe, 1839)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159854	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159854	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159854	Polydactylus virginicus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Polynemidae	Polydactylus	virginicus	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:345843	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:345843	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:345843	Sphyraena barracuda	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Sphyraenidae	Sphyraena	barracuda	Species	(Edwards, 1771)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273984	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273984	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273984	Sphyraena picudilla	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Sphyraenidae	Sphyraena	picudilla	Species	Poey, 1860	en		NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159629	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159629	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159629	Alectis ciliaris	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Carangidae	Alectis	ciliaris	Species	(Bloch, 1787)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:302312	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:302312	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:302312	Caranx bartholomaei	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Carangidae	Caranx	bartholomaei	Species	Cuvier, 1833	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126802	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126802	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126802	Caranx crysos	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Carangidae	Caranx	crysos	Species	(Mitchill, 1815)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126803	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126803	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126803	Caranx hippos	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Carangidae	Caranx	hippos	Species	(Linnaeus, 1766)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126804	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126804	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126804	Caranx latus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Carangidae	Caranx	latus	Species	Agassiz, 1831	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126805	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126805	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126805	Caranx lugubris	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Carangidae	Caranx	lugubris	Species	Poey, 1860	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:302432	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:302432	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:302432	Caranx ruber	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Carangidae	Caranx	ruber	Species	(Bloch, 1793)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126807	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126807	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126807	Decapterus macarellus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Carangidae	Decapterus	macarellus	Species	(Cuvier, 1833)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126808	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126808	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126808	Decapterus punctatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Carangidae	Decapterus	punctatus	Species	(Cuvier, 1829)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126809	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126809	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126809	Elagatis bipinnulata	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Carangidae	Elagatis	bipinnulata	Species	(Quoy & Gaimard, 1825)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126816	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126816	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126816	Seriola dumerili	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Carangidae	Seriola	dumerili	Species	(Risso, 1810)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126817	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126817	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126817	Seriola fasciata	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Carangidae	Seriola	fasciata	Species	(Bloch, 1793)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126818	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126818	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126818	Seriola rivoliana	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Carangidae	Seriola	rivoliana	Species	Valenciennes, 1833	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:367285	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:367285	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:367285	Trachinotus  falcatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Carangidae	Trachinotus	falcatus	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159654	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159654	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159654	Trachinotus goodei	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Carangidae	Trachinotus	goodei	Species	Jordan & Evermann, 1896	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126846	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126846	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126846	Coryphaena hippurus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Coryphaenidae	Coryphaena	hippurus	Species	Linnaeus, 1758	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126848	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126848	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126848	Echeneis naucrates	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Echeneidae	Echeneis	naucrates	Species	Linnaeus, 1758	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159678	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159678	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159678	Echeneis neucratoides	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Echeneidae	Echeneis	neucratoides	Species	Zuiew, 1789	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126849	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126849	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126849	Phtheirichthys lineatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Echeneidae	Phtheirichthys	lineatus	Species	(Menzies, 1791)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126851	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126851	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126851	Remora brachyptera	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Echeneidae	Remora	brachyptera	Species	(Lowe, 1839)	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127006	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127006	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127006	Rachycentron canadum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Rachycentridae	Rachycentron	canadum	Species	(Linnaeus, 1766)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:274187	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:274187	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:274187	Bothus lunatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Pleuronectiformes	Bothidae	Bothus	lunatus	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276010	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276010	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276010	Ancylopsetta microctenus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Pleuronectiformes	Paralichthyidae	Ancylopsetta	microctenus	Species	Gutherz, 1966	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275686	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275686	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275686	Citharichthys dinoceros	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Pleuronectiformes	Paralichthyidae	Citharichthys	dinoceros	Species	Goode & Bean, 1886	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280932	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280932	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280932	Gramma loreto	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Grammatidae	Gramma	loreto	Species	Poey, 1868	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280933	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280933	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280933	Gramma melacara	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Grammatidae	Gramma	melacara	Species	Böhlke & Randall, 1963	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276442	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276442	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276442	Opistognathus aurifrons	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Opistognathidae	Opistognathus	aurifrons	Species	(Jordan & Thompson, 1905)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276465	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276465	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276465	Opistognathus maxillosus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Opistognathidae	Opistognathus	maxillosus	Species	Poey, 1860	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276480	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276480	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276480	Opistognathus whitehursti	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Opistognathidae	Opistognathus	whitehursti	Species	(Longley, 1927)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159288	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159288	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159288	Abudefduf saxatilis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacentridae	Abudefduf	saxatilis	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273701	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273701	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273701	Abudefduf taurus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacentridae	Abudefduf	taurus	Species	(Müller & Troschel, 1848)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273718	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273718	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273718	Chromis cyanea	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacentridae	Chromis	cyanea	Species	(Poey, 1860)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273731	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273731	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273731	Chromis insolata	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacentridae	Chromis	insolata	Species	(Cuvier, 1830)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273743	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273743	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273743	Chromis multilineata	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacentridae	Chromis	multilineata	Species	(Guichenot, 1853)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281571	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281571	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281571	Microspathodon chrysurus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacentridae	Microspathodon	chrysurus	Species	(Cuvier, 1830)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276659	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276659	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276659	Stegastes adustus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacentridae	Stegastes	adustus	Species	(Troschel, 1865)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276666	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276666	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276666	Stegastes diencaeus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacentridae	Stegastes	diencaeus	Species	(Jordan & Rutter, 1897)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159291	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159291	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159291	Stegastes leucostictus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacentridae	Stegastes	leucostictus	Species	(Müller & Troschel, 1848)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276677	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276677	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276677	Stegastes partitus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacentridae	Stegastes	partitus	Species	(Poey, 1868)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2019	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276679	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276679	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276679	Stegastes planifrons	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacentridae	Stegastes	planifrons	Species	(Cuvier, 1830)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1021260	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1021260	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1021260	Stegastes xanthurus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacentridae	Stegastes	xanthurus	Species	(Poey, 1860)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:299852	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:299852	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:299852	Atherina harringtonensis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Atheriniformes	Atherinidae	Atherina	harringtonensis	Species	Goode, 1877	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272038	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272038	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272038	Atherinomorus stipes	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Atheriniformes	Atherinidae	Atherinomorus	stipes	Species	(Müller & Troschel, 1848)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159246	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159246	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159246	Ablennes hians	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Belonidae	Ablennes	hians	Species	(Valenciennes, 1846)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:293709	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:293709	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:293709	Platybelone argalus argalus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Belonidae	Platybelone	argalus	Species	(Lesueur, 1821)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:293747	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:293747	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:293747	Strongylura notata	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Belonidae	Strongylura	notata	Species	(Poey, 1860)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:236459	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:236459	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:236459	Tylosurus acus acus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Belonidae	Tylosurus	acus	Species	(Lacepède, 1803)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:223867	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:223867	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:223867	Tylosurus crocodilus crocodilus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Belonidae	Tylosurus	crocodilus	Species	(Péron & Lesueur, 1821)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:217862	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:217862	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:217862	Cheilopogon cyanopterus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Exocoetidae	Cheilopogon	cyanopterus	Species	(Valenciennes, 1847)	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126381	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126381	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126381	Cheilopogon exsiliens	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Exocoetidae	Cheilopogon	exsiliens	Species	(Linnaeus, 1771)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272157	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272157	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272157	Cheilopogon melanurus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Exocoetidae	Cheilopogon	melanurus	Species	(Valenciennes, 1847)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:278731	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:278731	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:278731	Cypselurus comatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Exocoetidae	Cypselurus	comatus	Species	(Mitchill, 1815)	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126384	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126384	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126384	Exocoetus obtusirostris	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Exocoetidae	Exocoetus	obtusirostris	Species	Günther, 1866	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126385	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126385	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126385	Exocoetus volitans	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Exocoetidae	Exocoetus	volitans	Species	Linnaeus, 1758	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159265	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159265	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159265	Hirundichthys affinis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Exocoetidae	Hirundichthys	affinis	Species	(Günther, 1866)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272173	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272173	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272173	Parexocoetus hillianus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Exocoetidae	Parexocoetus	hillianus	Species	(Gosse, 1851)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277926	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277926	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277926	Prognichthys occidentalis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Exocoetidae	Prognichthys	occidentalis	Species	Parin, 1999	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159278	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159278	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159278	Hemiramphus balao	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Hemiramphidae	Hemiramphus	balao	Species	Lesueur, 1821	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159279	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159279	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159279	Hemiramphus brasiliensis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Beloniformes	Hemiramphidae	Hemiramphus	brasiliensis	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159416	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159416	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159416	Mugil curema	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Mugilidae	Mugil	curema	Species	Valenciennes, 1836	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273660	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273660	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273660	Mugil trichodon	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Mugilidae	Mugil	trichodon	Species	Poey, 1875	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275678	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275678	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275678	Gobiesox punctulatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Gobiesociformes	Gobiesocidae	Gobiesox	punctulatus	Species	(Poey, 1876)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277249	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277249	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277249	Entomacrodus nigricans	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Blenniidae	Entomacrodus	nigricans	Species	Gill, 1859	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273125	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273125	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273125	Ophioblennius macclurei	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Blenniidae	Ophioblennius	macclurei	Species	(Silvester, 1915)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279443	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279443	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279443	Acanthemblemaria aspera	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Chaenopsidae	Acanthemblemaria	aspera	Species	(Longley, 1927)	en		NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279457	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279457	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279457	Acanthemblemaria maria	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Chaenopsidae	Acanthemblemaria	maria	Species	Böhlke, 1961	en	Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:254883	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:254883	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:254883	Acanthemblemaria spinosa	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Chaenopsidae	Acanthemblemaria	spinosa	Species	Metzelaar, 1919	en		NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280646	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280646	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280646	Emblemaria caycedoi	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Chaenopsidae	Emblemaria	caycedoi	Species	Acero P., 1984	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:269061	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:269061	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:269061	Emblemariopsis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Chaenopsidae	Emblemariopsis		Genus	Longley, 1927	en		NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281410	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281410	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281410	Lucayablennius zingaro	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Chaenopsidae	Lucayablennius	zingaro	Species	(Böhlke, 1957)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1016071	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1016071	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1016071	Brockius albigenys	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labrisomidae	Brockius	albigenys	Species	(Beebe & Tee-Van, 1928)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:993098	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:993098	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:993098	Gobioclinus bucciferus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labrisomidae	Gobioclinus	bucciferus	Species	(Poey, 1868)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:993099	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:993099	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:993099	Gobioclinus gobio	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labrisomidae	Gobioclinus	gobio	Species	(Valenciennes, 1836)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:993100	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:993100	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:993100	Gobioclinus guppyi	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labrisomidae	Gobioclinus	guppyi	Species	(Norman, 1922)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:993097	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:993097	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:993097	Brockius nigricinctus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labrisomidae	Brockius	nigricinctus	Species	(Howell Rivero, 1936)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281260	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281260	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281260	Labrisomus nuchipinnis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labrisomidae	Labrisomus	nuchipinnis	Species	(Quoy & Gaimard, 1824)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281491	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281491	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281491	Malacoctenus aurolineatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labrisomidae	Malacoctenus	aurolineatus	Species	Smith, 1957	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281492	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281492	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281492	Malacoctenus boehlkei	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labrisomidae	Malacoctenus	boehlkei	Species	Springer, 1959	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281496	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281496	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281496	Malacoctenus erdmani	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labrisomidae	Malacoctenus	erdmani	Species	Smith, 1957	en		NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281498	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281498	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281498	Malacoctenus gilli	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labrisomidae	Malacoctenus	gilli	Species	(Steindachner, 1867)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281500	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281500	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281500	Malacoctenus macropus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labrisomidae	Malacoctenus	macropus	Species	(Poey, 1868)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281503	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281503	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281503	Malacoctenus triangulatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labrisomidae	Malacoctenus	triangulatus	Species	Springer, 1959	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282870	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282870	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282870	Stathmonotus gymnodermis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Chaenopsidae	Stathmonotus	gymnodermis	Species	Springer, 1955	en	Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280682	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280682	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280682	Enneanectes pectoralis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Tripterygiidae	Enneanectes	pectoralis	Species	(Fowler, 1941)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127418	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127418	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127418	Antigonia capros	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Caproidae	Antigonia	capros	Species	Lowe, 1843	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159429	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159429	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159429	Antigonia combatia	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Caproidae	Antigonia	combatia	Species	Berry & Rathjen, 1959	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159732	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159732	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159732	Eucinostomus argenteus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gerreidae	Eucinostomus	argenteus	Species	Baird & Girard, 1855	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159734	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159734	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159734	Eucinostomus lefroyi	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gerreidae	Eucinostomus	lefroyi	Species	(Goode, 1874)	en	Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276954	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276954	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276954	Gerres cinereus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Gerreidae	Gerres	cinereus	Species	(Walbaum, 1792)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279623	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279623	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279623	Anisotremus surinamensis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Haemulidae	Anisotremus	surinamensis	Species	(Bloch, 1791)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279625	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279625	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279625	Anisotremus virginicus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Haemulidae	Anisotremus	virginicus	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:316721	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:316721	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:316721	Brachygenys chrysargyreus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Haemulidae	Brachygenys	chrysargyreus	Species	(Günther, 1859)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280669	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280669	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280669	Emmelichthyops atlanticus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Haemulidae	Emmelichthyops	atlanticus	Species	Schultz, 1945	en		NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275721	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275721	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275721	Haemulon album	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Haemulidae	Haemulon	album	Species	Cuvier, 1830	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158807	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158807	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158807	Haemulon aurolineatum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Haemulidae	Haemulon	aurolineatum	Species	Cuvier, 1830	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275724	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275724	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275724	Haemulon carbonarium	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Haemulidae	Haemulon	carbonarium	Species	Poey, 1860	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275727	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275727	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275727	Haemulon flavolineatum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Haemulidae	Haemulon	flavolineatum	Species	(Desmarest, 1823)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275728	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275728	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275728	Haemulon macrostomum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Haemulidae	Haemulon	macrostomum	Species	Günther, 1859	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275730	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275730	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275730	Haemulon melanurum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Haemulidae	Haemulon	melanurum	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275731	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275731	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275731	Haemulon parra	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Haemulidae	Haemulon	parra	Species	(Desmarest, 1823)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158808	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158808	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158808	Haemulon plumierii	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Haemulidae	Haemulon	plumierii	Species	(Lacepède, 1801)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275733	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275733	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275733	Haemulon sciurus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Haemulidae	Haemulon	sciurus	Species	(Shaw, 1803)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275739	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275739	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275739	Haemulon striatum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Haemulidae	Haemulon	striatum	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1021254	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1021254	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:1021254	Haemulon vittatum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Haemulidae	Haemulon	vittatum	Species	(Poey, 1860)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277617	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277617	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277617	Apsilus dentatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lutjanidae	Apsilus	dentatus	Species	Guichenot, 1853	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159789	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159789	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159789	Etelis oculatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lutjanidae	Etelis	oculatus	Species	(Valenciennes, 1828)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159792	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159792	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159792	Lutjanus analis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lutjanidae	Lutjanus	analis	Species	(Cuvier, 1828)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159793	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159793	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159793	Lutjanus apodus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lutjanidae	Lutjanus	apodus	Species	(Walbaum, 1792)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159794	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159794	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159794	Lutjanus buccanella	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lutjanidae	Lutjanus	buccanella	Species	(Cuvier, 1828)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159796	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159796	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159796	Lutjanus cyanopterus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lutjanidae	Lutjanus	cyanopterus	Species	(Cuvier, 1828)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159797	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159797	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159797	Lutjanus griseus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lutjanidae	Lutjanus	griseus	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159798	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159798	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159798	Lutjanus jocu	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lutjanidae	Lutjanus	jocu	Species	(Bloch & Schneider, 1801)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159799	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159799	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159799	Lutjanus mahogoni	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lutjanidae	Lutjanus	mahogoni	Species	(Cuvier, 1828)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276547	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276547	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276547	Lutjanus purpureus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lutjanidae	Lutjanus	purpureus	Species	(Poey, 1866)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159800	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159800	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159800	Lutjanus synagris	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lutjanidae	Lutjanus	synagris	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159801	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159801	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159801	Lutjanus vivanus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lutjanidae	Lutjanus	vivanus	Species	(Cuvier, 1828)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159803	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159803	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159803	Ocyurus chrysurus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lutjanidae	Ocyurus	chrysurus	Species	(Bloch, 1791)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276555	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276555	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276555	Pristipomoides macrophthalmus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lutjanidae	Pristipomoides	macrophthalmus	Species	(Müller & Troschel, 1848)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159807	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159807	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159807	Rhomboplites aurorubens	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lutjanidae	Rhomboplites	aurorubens	Species	(Cuvier, 1829)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159402	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159402	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159402	Caulolatilus cyanops	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Malacanthidae	Caulolatilus	cyanops		Poey, 1866	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277261	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277261	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277261	Malacanthus plumieri	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Malacanthidae	Malacanthus	plumieri	Species	(Bloch, 1786)	en	Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:278827	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:278827	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:278827	Centropyge argi	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacanthidae	Centropyge	argi	Species	Woods & Kanazawa, 1951	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276012	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276012	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276012	Holacanthus ciliaris	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacanthidae	Holacanthus	ciliaris	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276017	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276017	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276017	Holacanthus tricolor	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacanthidae	Holacanthus	tricolor	Species	(Bloch, 1795)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159287	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159287	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159287	Pomacanthus arcuatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacanthidae	Pomacanthus	arcuatus	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276025	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276025	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276025	Pomacanthus paru	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pomacanthidae	Pomacanthus	paru	Species	(Bloch, 1787)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127003	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127003	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127003	Cookeolus japonicus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Priacanthidae	Cookeolus	japonicus	Species	(Cuvier, 1829)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127004	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127004	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127004	Heteropriacanthus cruentatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Priacanthidae	Heteropriacanthus	cruentatus	Species	(Lacepède, 1801)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127005	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127005	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127005	Priacanthus arenatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Priacanthidae	Priacanthus	arenatus	Species	Cuvier, 1829	en	Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159315	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159315	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159315	Equetus lanceolatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Sciaenidae	Equetus	lanceolatus	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276097	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276097	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276097	Equetus punctatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Sciaenidae	Equetus	punctatus	Species	(Bloch & Schneider, 1801)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282139	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282139	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282139	Pareques acuminatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Sciaenidae	Pareques	acuminatus	Species	(Bloch & Schneider, 1801)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275991	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275991	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275991	Kathetostoma cubana	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Uranoscopidae	Kathetostoma	cubana	Species	Barbour, 1941	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273541	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273541	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273541	Bodianus rufus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labridae	Bodianus	rufus	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280214	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280214	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280214	Clepticus parrae	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labridae	Clepticus	parrae	Species	(Bloch & Schneider, 1801)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277118	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277118	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277118	Cryptotomus roseus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scaridae	Cryptotomus	roseus	Species	Cope, 1871	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280576	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280576	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280576	Doratonotus megalepis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labridae	Doratonotus	megalepis	Species	Günther, 1862	en	Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158815	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158815	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158815	Halichoeres bivittatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labridae	Halichoeres	bivittatus	Species	(Bloch, 1791)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275760	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275760	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275760	Halichoeres cyanocephalus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labridae	Halichoeres	cyanocephalus	Species	(Bloch, 1791)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275764	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275764	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275764	Halichoeres garnoti	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labridae	Halichoeres	garnoti	Species	(Valenciennes, 1839)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275772	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275772	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275772	Halichoeres maculipinna	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labridae	Halichoeres	maculipinna	Species	(Müller & Troschel, 1848)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275788	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275788	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275788	Halichoeres pictus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labridae	Halichoeres	pictus	Species	(Poey, 1860)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275790	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275790	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275790	Halichoeres poeyi	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labridae	Halichoeres	poeyi	Species	(Steindachner, 1867)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275793	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275793	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275793	Halichoeres radiatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labridae	Halichoeres	radiatus	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158822	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158822	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158822	Lachnolaimus maximus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labridae	Lachnolaimus	maximus	Species	(Walbaum, 1792)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159298	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159298	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159298	Nicholsina usta	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scaridae	Nicholsina	usta	Species	(Valenciennes, 1840)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276042	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276042	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276042	Scarus coelestinus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scaridae	Scarus	coelestinus	Species	Valenciennes, 1840	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159300	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159300	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159300	Scarus coeruleus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scaridae	Scarus	coeruleus	Species	(Edwards, 1771)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276049	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276049	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276049	Scarus guacamaia	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scaridae	Scarus	guacamaia	Species	Cuvier, 1829	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276052	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276052	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276052	Scarus iseri	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scaridae	Scarus	iseri	Species	(Bloch, 1789)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276062	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276062	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276062	Scarus taeniopterus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scaridae	Scarus	taeniopterus	Species	Lesson, 1829	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276064	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276064	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276064	Scarus vetula	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scaridae	Scarus	vetula	Species	Bloch & Schneider, 1801	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273771	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273771	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273771	Sparisoma atomarium	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scaridae	Sparisoma	atomarium	Species	(Poey, 1861)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273772	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273772	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273772	Sparisoma aurofrenatum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scaridae	Sparisoma	aurofrenatum	Species	(Valenciennes, 1840)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273774	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273774	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273774	Sparisoma chrysopterum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scaridae	Sparisoma	chrysopterum	Species	(Bloch & Schneider, 1801)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273777	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273777	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273777	Sparisoma radians	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scaridae	Sparisoma	radians	Species	(Valenciennes, 1840)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159301	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159301	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159301	Sparisoma rubripinne	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scaridae	Sparisoma	rubripinne	Species	(Valenciennes, 1840)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273780	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273780	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273780	Sparisoma viride	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Scaridae	Sparisoma	viride	Species	(Bonnaterre, 1788)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159786	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159786	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159786	Thalassoma bifasciatum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labridae	Thalassoma	bifasciatum	Species	(Bloch, 1791)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:322455	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:322455	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:322455	Xyrichthys martinicensis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labridae	Xyrichthys	martinicensis	Species	Valenciennes, 1840	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:402427	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:402427	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:402427	Xyrichthys novacula	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labridae	Xyrichthys	novacula	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:322464	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:322464	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:322464	Xyrichthys splendens	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Labridae	Xyrichthys	splendens	Species	Castelnau, 1855	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126973	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126973	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126973	Lobotes surinamensis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Lobotidae	Lobotes	surinamensis	Species	(Bloch, 1790)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159703	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159703	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159703	Chaetodipterus faber	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Ephippidae	Chaetodipterus	faber	Species	(Broussonet, 1782)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159241	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159241	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159241	Calamus bajonado	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Sparidae	Calamus	bajonado	Species	(Bloch & Schneider, 1801)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159242	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159242	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159242	Calamus calamus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Sparidae	Calamus	calamus	Species	(Valenciennes, 1830)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159661	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159661	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159661	Chaetodon capistratus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Chaetodontidae	Chaetodon	capistratus	Species	Linnaeus, 1758	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159662	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159662	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159662	Chaetodon ocellatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Chaetodontidae	Chaetodon	ocellatus	Species	Bloch, 1787	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:234107	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:234107	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:234107	Chaetodon sedentarius	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Chaetodontidae	Chaetodon	sedentarius	Species	Poey, 1860	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159663	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159663	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159663	Chaetodon striatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Chaetodontidae	Chaetodon	striatus	Species	Linnaeus, 1758	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273369	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273369	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273369	Prognathodes aculeatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Chaetodontidae	Prognathodes	aculeatus	Species	(Poey, 1860)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272541	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272541	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:272541	Antennarius pauciradiatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Lophiiformes	Antennariidae	Antennarius	pauciradiatus	Species	Schultz, 1957	en		NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126533	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126533	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126533	Histrio histrio	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Lophiiformes	Antennariidae	Histrio	histrio	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126558	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126558	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:126558	Dibranchus atlanticus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Lophiiformes	Ogcocephalidae	Dibranchus	atlanticus	Species	Peters, 1876	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277541	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277541	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277541	Malthopsis gnoma	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Lophiiformes	Ogcocephalidae	Malthopsis	gnoma	Species	Bradbury, 1998	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275912	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275912	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275912	Ogcocephalus pumilus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Lophiiformes	Ogcocephalidae	Ogcocephalus	pumilus	Species	Bradbury, 1980	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:283204	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:283204	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:283204	Zalieutes mcgintyi	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Lophiiformes	Ogcocephalidae	Zalieutes	mcgintyi	Species	(Fowler, 1952)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281084	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281084	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281084	Hollardia hollardi	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Triacanthodidae	Hollardia	hollardi	Species	Poey, 1861	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282047	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282047	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282047	Parahollardia schmidti	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Triacanthodidae	Parahollardia	schmidti	Species	Woods, 1959	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275240	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275240	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275240	Chilomycterus antillarum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Diodontidae	Chilomycterus	antillarum	Species	Jordan & Rutter, 1897	en	Acero A. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127402	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127402	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127402	Diodon holocanthus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Diodontidae	Diodon	holocanthus	Species	Linnaeus, 1758	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127403	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127403	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127403	Diodon hystrix	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Diodontidae	Diodon	hystrix	Species	Linnaeus, 1758	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127411	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127411	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127411	Canthigaster rostrata	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Tetraodontidae	Canthigaster	rostrata	Species	(Bloch, 1786)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275274	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275274	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275274	Sphoeroides dorsalis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Tetraodontidae	Sphoeroides	dorsalis	Species	Longley, 1934	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158935	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158935	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158935	Sphoeroides spengleri	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Tetraodontidae	Sphoeroides	spengleri	Species	(Bloch, 1785)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Polanco 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:154721	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:154721	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:154721	Balistes capriscus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Balistidae	Balistes	capriscus	Species	Gmelin, 1789	en		NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127397	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127397	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127397	Balistes vetula	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Balistidae	Balistes	vetula	Species	Linnaeus, 1758	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127398	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127398	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127398	Canthidermis maculata	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Balistidae	Canthidermis	maculata	Species	(Bloch, 1786)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127399	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127399	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127399	Canthidermis sufflamen	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Balistidae	Canthidermis	sufflamen	Species	(Mitchill, 1815)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:219881	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:219881	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:219881	Melichthys niger	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Balistidae	Melichthys	niger	Species	(Bloch, 1786)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159486	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159486	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159486	Xanthichthys ringens	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Balistidae	Xanthichthys	ringens	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159491	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159491	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159491	Aluterus scriptus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Monacanthidae	Aluterus	scriptus	Species	(Osbeck, 1765)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:403431	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:403431	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:403431	Cantherines macrocerus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Monacanthidae	Cantherines	macrocerus	Species	(Hollard, 1853)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:403433	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:403433	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:403433	Cantherines pullus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Monacanthidae	Cantherines	pullus	Species	(Ranzani, 1842)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159497	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159497	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159497	Monacanthus ciliatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Monacanthidae	Monacanthus	ciliatus	Species	(Mitchill, 1818)	en	Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159499	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159499	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159499	Monacanthus tuckeri	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Monacanthidae	Monacanthus	tuckeri	Species	Bean, 1906	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159500	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159500	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159500	Stephanolepis setifer	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Monacanthidae	Stephanolepis	setifer	Species	(Bennett, 1831)	en		NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158919	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158919	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158919	Acanthostracion polygonius	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Ostraciidae	Acanthostracion	polygonius	Species	Poey, 1876	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158920	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158920	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158920	Acanthostracion quadricornis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Ostraciidae	Acanthostracion	quadricornis	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275874	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275874	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275874	Lactophrys bicaudalis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Ostraciidae	Lactophrys	bicaudalis	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158931	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158931	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158931	Lactophrys trigonus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Ostraciidae	Lactophrys	trigonus	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158932	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158932	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:158932	Lactophrys triqueter	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Tetraodontiformes	Ostraciidae	Lactophrys	triqueter	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159580	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159580	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159580	Acanthurus chirurgus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Acanthuridae	Acanthurus	chirurgus	Species	(Bloch, 1787)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159581	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159581	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159581	Acanthurus coeruleus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Acanthuridae	Acanthurus	coeruleus	Species	Bloch & Schneider, 1801	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:301914	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:301914	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:301914	Acanthurus tractus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Acanthuridae	Acanthurus	tractus	Species	Poey, 1860	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159584	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159584	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159584	Synagrops bellus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Acropomatidae	Synagrops	bellus	Species	(Goode & Bean, 1896)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159586	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159586	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159586	Synagrops spinosus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Acropomatidae	Parascombrops	spinosus	Species	(Schultz 1940)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276299	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276299	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276299	Synagrops trispinosus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Acropomatidae	Caraibops	trispinosus	Species	(Mochizuki & Sano 1984)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277068	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277068	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277068	Pempheris schomburgkii	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Pempheridae	Pempheris	schomburgkii	Species	Müller & Troschel, 1848	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277569	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277569	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:277569	Amblycirrhitus pinos	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Cirrhitidae	Amblycirrhitus	pinos	Species	(Mowbray, 1927)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:218708	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:218708	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:218708	Kyphosus cinerascens	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Kyphosidae	Kyphosus	cinerascens	Species	(Forsskål, 1775)	en	Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:303486	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:303486	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:303486	Kyphosus sectatrix	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Kyphosidae	Kyphosus	sectatrix	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:218706	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:218706	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:218706	Kyphosus vaigiensis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Kyphosidae	Kyphosus	vaigiensis	Species	(Quoy & Gaimard, 1825)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159842	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159842	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159842	Bembrops anatirostris	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Percophidae	Bembrops	anatirostris	Species	Ginsburg, 1955	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276579	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276579	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276579	Bembrops macromma	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Percophidae	Bembrops	macromma	Species	Ginsburg, 1955	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276580	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276580	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276580	Bembrops magnisquamis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Percophidae	Bembrops	magnisquamis	Species	Ginsburg, 1955	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276583	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276583	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276583	Bembrops ocellatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Percophidae	Bembrops	ocellatus	Species	Thompson & Suttkus, 1998	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276584	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276584	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276584	Bembrops quadrisella	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Percophidae	Bembrops	quadrisella	Species	Thompson & Suttkus, 1998	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279567	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279567	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279567	Alphestes afer	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Alphestes	afer	Species	(Bloch, 1793)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280007	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280007	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:280007	Bullisichthys caribbaeus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Bullisichthys	caribbaeus	Species	Rivas, 1971	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279146	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279146	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279146	Cephalopholis cruentata	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Cephalopholis	cruentata	Species	(Lacepède, 1802)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279148	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279148	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279148	Cephalopholis fulva	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Cephalopholis	fulva	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159351	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159351	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159351	Epinephelus adscensionis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Epinephelus	adscensionis	Species	(Osbeck, 1765)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159352	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159352	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159352	Epinephelus guttatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Epinephelus	guttatus	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159353	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159353	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159353	Epinephelus itajara	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Epinephelus	itajara	Species	(Lichtenstein, 1822)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159354	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159354	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159354	Epinephelus morio	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Epinephelus	morio	Species	(Valenciennes, 1828)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159222	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159222	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159222	Epinephelus striatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Epinephelus	striatus	Species	(Bloch, 1792)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281112	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281112	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281112	Hypoplectrus aberrans	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Hypoplectrus	aberrans	Species	Poey, 1868	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281117	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281117	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281117	Hypoplectrus indigo	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Hypoplectrus	indigo	Species	(Poey, 1851)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:314657	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:314657	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:314657	Hypoplectrus maculiferus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Hypoplectrus	maculiferus	Species	Poey, 1871	en		NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281113	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281113	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281113	Hypoplectrus chlorurus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Hypoplectrus	chlorurus	Species	(Cuvier, 1828)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281115	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281115	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281115	Hypoplectrus gummigutta	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Hypoplectrus	gummigutta	Species	(Poey, 1851)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281116	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281116	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281116	Hypoplectrus guttavarius	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Hypoplectrus	guttavarius	Species	(Poey, 1852)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281118	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281118	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281118	Hypoplectrus nigricans	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Hypoplectrus	nigricans	Species	(Poey, 1852)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281119	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281119	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281119	Hypoplectrus providencianus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Hypoplectrus	providencianus	Species	Acero P. & Garzón-Ferreira, 1994	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281120	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281120	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281120	Hypoplectrus puella	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Hypoplectrus	puella	Species	(Cuvier, 1828)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:712606	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:712606	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:712606	Hypoplectrus randallorum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Hypoplectrus	randallorum	Species	Lobel, 2011	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281121	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281121	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:281121	Hypoplectrus unicolor	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Hypoplectrus	unicolor	Species	(Walbaum, 1792)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:475077	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:475077	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:475077	Hyporthodus flavolimbatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Hyporthodus	flavolimbatus	Species	(Poey, 1865)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:475099	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:475099	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:475099	Hyporthodus mystacinus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Hyporthodus	mystacinus	Species	(Poey, 1852)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:475101	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:475101	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:475101	Hyporthodus niveatus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Hyporthodus	niveatus	Species	(Valenciennes, 1828)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275954	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275954	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275954	Liopropoma rubre	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Liopropoma	rubre	Species	Poey, 1861	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159231	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159231	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159231	Mycteroperca bonaci	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Mycteroperca	bonaci	Species	(Poey, 1860)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273878	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273878	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273878	Mycteroperca interstitialis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Mycteroperca	interstitialis	Species	(Poey, 1860)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159233	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159233	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159233	Mycteroperca phenax	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Mycteroperca	phenax	Species	Jordan & Swain, 1884	en		NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273884	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273884	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273884	Mycteroperca tigris	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Mycteroperca	tigris	Species	(Valenciennes, 1833)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273885	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273885	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273885	Mycteroperca venenosa	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Mycteroperca	venenosa	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282084	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282084	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282084	Paranthias furcifer	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Paranthias	furcifer	Species	(Valenciennes, 1828)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279005	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279005	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:279005	Plectranthias garrupellus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Plectranthias	garrupellus	Species	Robins & Starck, 1961	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282365	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282365	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:282365	Pronotogrammus martinicensis	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Pronotogrammus	martinicensis	Species	(Guichenot, 1868)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:278293	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:278293	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:278293	Pseudogramma gregoryi	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Pseudogramma	gregoryi	Species	(Breder, 1927)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275963	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275963	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:275963	Rypticus saponaceus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Rypticus	saponaceus	Species	(Bloch & Schneider, 1801)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273893	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273893	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273893	Serranus baldwini	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Serranus	baldwini	Species	(Evermann & Marsh, 1899)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273896	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273896	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273896	Serranus flaviventris	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Serranus	flaviventris	Species	(Cuvier, 1829)	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273908	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273908	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273908	Serranus tabacarius	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Serranus	tabacarius	Species	(Cuvier, 1829)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273909	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273909	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273909	Serranus tigrinus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Serranus	tigrinus	Species	(Bloch, 1790)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273910	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273910	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:273910	Serranus tortugarum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Perciformes	Serranidae	Serranus	tortugarum	Species	Longley, 1935	en	Polanco 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:274682	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:274682	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:274682	Pontinus castor	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Scorpaeniformes	Scorpaenidae	Pontinus	castor	Species	Poey, 1860	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159559	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159559	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159559	Pterois volitans	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Scorpaeniformes	Scorpaenidae	Pterois	volitans	Species	(Linnaeus, 1758)	en	Bolanos-Cubillos et al. 2015 |  Acero A. 2018 |  Acero P.  et al. 2018	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159564	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159564	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159564	Scorpaena plumieri	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Scorpaeniformes	Scorpaenidae	Scorpaena	plumieri	Species	Bloch, 1789	en		NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159566	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159566	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159566	Ectreposebastes imus	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Scorpaeniformes	Setarchidae	Ectreposebastes	imus	Species	Garman, 1899	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127258	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127258	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:127258	Setarches guentheri	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Scorpaeniformes	Setarchidae	Setarches	guentheri	Species	Johnson, 1862	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:274637	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:274637	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:274637	Peristedion brevirostre	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Scorpaeniformes	Peristediidae	Peristedion	brevirostre	Species	(Günther, 1860)	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159549	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159549	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159549	Peristedion greyae	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Scorpaeniformes	Peristediidae	Peristedion	greyae	Species	Miller, 1967	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:274643	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:274643	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:274643	Peristedion longispatha	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Scorpaeniformes	Peristediidae	Peristedion	longispatha	Species	Goode & Bean, 1886	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159552	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159552	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159552	Peristedion truncatum	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Scorpaeniformes	Peristediidae	Peristedion	truncatum	Species	(Günther, 1880)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276271	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276271	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:276271	Bellator brachychir	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Scorpaeniformes	Triglidae	Bellator	brachychir	Species	(Regan, 1914)	en	Polanco F. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159568	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159568	urn:lsid:marinespecies.org:taxname:159568	Bellator militaris	Animalia	Chordata	Actinopterygii	Scorpaeniformes	Triglidae	Bellator	militaris	Species	(Goode & Bean, 1896)	en	Robertson et al. 2015	NVIC_FBNSColChecklist	Fish_biodiversity_northern_islands_Seaflower_Colombian_Caribbean
